Fix grammar, spelling, and style issues across documentation files (#1)
Moohan/technical-docs: Posit Infrastructure/Memory Usage in SMR01.md

Computer random access memory (RAM) gives applications a place to store and access data that are being actively used, and to do so quickly.

> Executing an SQL query against a database will result in that data being read into your R session's memory in its entirety, and all subsequent operations on that data are performed *in-memory*. You therefore need to ensure that your session has access to sufficient free memory to hold the size of data you intend to work with in your analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you execute an SQL query against a database, the entire dataset is loaded into the memory of your R session. As a result, all subsequent operations on that data are done in memory. It is essential to ensure that your session has enough available memory to accommodate the size of the data you plan to analyse.
```
